CONTRIBUTING.md, before:

# How to Contribute

AppsCode projects are [Apache 2.0 licensed](LICENSE) and accept contributions via
GitHub pull requests.  This document outlines some of the conventions on
development workflow, commit message formatting, contact points and other
resources to make it easier to get your contribution accepted.

## Certificate of Origin

By contributing to this project you agree to the Developer Certificate of
Origin (DCO). This document was created by the Linux Kernel community and is a
simple statement that you, as a contributor, have the legal right to make the
contribution. See the [DCO](DCO) file for details.

## Developer Guide
We have a [Developer Guide](/docs/developer-guide/README.md) that outlines everything you need to know from setting up your
dev environment to how to build and test Analytics. If you find something undocumented or incorrect along the way,
please feel free to send a Pull Request.

## Getting Help
If you have a question about Analytics or having problem using it, you can contact us on our public Slack channel. Follow [this link](https://slack.appscode.com) to get invitation to our Slack channel.

## Bugs/Feature request
If you have found a bug with Analytics or want to request for new features, please [file an issue](https://github.com/appscode/Analytics/issues/new). 

## Contribution Flow
If you fix a bug or developed a new feature, feel free to submit a PR. In either case, please file a [Github issue]((https://github.com/appscode/analytics/issues/new)) first, so that we can have a discussion on it. This is a rough outline of what a contributor's workflow looks like:

- Create a topic branch from where you want to base your work (usually master).
- Make commits of logical units.
- Push your changes to a topic branch in your fork of the repository.
- Make sure the tests pass, and add any new tests as appropriate.
- Submit a pull request to the original repository.

Thanks for your contributions!

## Spread the word
If you have written blog post or tutorial on Analytics, please share it with us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/AppsCodeHQ) or [Slack](https://slack.appscode.com).

Commit message:

Rename package to go-seed

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:

# How to Contribute

AppsCode projects are [Apache 2.0 licensed](LICENSE) and accept contributions via
GitHub pull requests.  This document outlines some of the conventions on
development workflow, commit message formatting, contact points and other
resources to make it easier to get your contribution accepted.

## Certificate of Origin

By contributing to this project you agree to the Developer Certificate of
Origin (DCO). This document was created by the Linux Kernel community and is a
simple statement that you, as a contributor, have the legal right to make the
contribution. See the [DCO](DCO) file for details.

## Developer Guide
We have a [Developer Guide](/docs/developer-guide/README.md) that outlines everything you need to know from setting up your
dev environment to how to build and test Go-seed. If you find something undocumented or incorrect along the way,
please feel free to send a Pull Request.

## Getting Help
If you have a question about Go-seed or having problem using it, you can contact us on our public Slack channel. Follow [this link](https://slack.appscode.com) to get invitation to our Slack channel.

## Bugs/Feature request
If you have found a bug with Go-seed or want to request for new features, please [file an issue](https://github.com/appscode/Go-seed/issues/new). 

## Contribution Flow
If you fix a bug or developed a new feature, feel free to submit a PR. In either case, please file a [Github issue]((https://github.com/appscode/go-seed/issues/new)) first, so that we can have a discussion on it. This is a rough outline of what a contributor's workflow looks like:

- Create a topic branch from where you want to base your work (usually master).
- Make commits of logical units.
- Push your changes to a topic branch in your fork of the repository.
- Make sure the tests pass, and add any new tests as appropriate.
- Submit a pull request to the original repository.

Thanks for your contributions!

## Spread the word
If you have written blog post or tutorial on Go-seed, please share it with us on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/AppsCodeHQ) or [Slack](https://slack.appscode.com).
